User Agreement of runeruby.com

Definitions

We may also refer to the player as "you", "your" and to runeruby.com by using the words "we" or "us". The term "website" refers to runeruby.com being used by the player on desktop, mobile or other devices.

I. General Terms

This user agreement applies to utilizing all the games that are accessible to the player on the website of runeruby.com (www.runeruby.com).

It comes into effect immediately after you've completed the registration on our platform by checking the box to accept the user agreement and effectively creating your account.

By using any part of our website after having created an account, you agree to this agreement.

Please read this agreement carefully and in its entireness before you create an account. If you do not wish to agree to this agreement, please do not signup for an acoount on our website and do not continue to use it!

We may make modifications to this agreement at any time and without prior notice. When we do so, we will bring it to your attention by sending you an email or by placing a notice on our website that directs you to the updated version.

You're responsible for checking any amended, updated or modifified versions of the aggreement.

By continually using our website or services after an modification, update or amendment to this agreement you accept and agree to be bound by such modification, update or amendment.

We may publish the agreement in different languages. However, the English version is the sole legal foundation of the relationship between you and us.

If discrepancies arise because of a translation of any kind, then the English version of this user agreement shall be the one that is legally binding.

II. Binding Terms

By agreeing to be bound by these User Agreement, you also agree to be bound by the runeruby.com Rules and Privacy Policy that are hereby incorporated by reference into these User Agreement. In the event of any

When you agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement, you also agree to be bound by our privacy policy and our general casino rules which we incorporate into this agreement.

In case of an inconsistency, this user agreement shall be the legally binding document.

You hereby express and assure that you are fully capable of entering into a legally binding agreement with runeruby.com, which means that you're unhindered by any form of constrained legal capacity.

You warrant that you're over the age of 18 or the age of majority or any other legal age (whichever is greater) as required by your jurisdiction and that you are permitted to use online casino services in your jurisdiction.

You also warrant that you:

• Will report and account for taxes for any winnings that you receive from us
• That the information you provide to us is true, complete and correct
• Will immediately inform us of any change of such information

All of the above shall be in effect during the term of validity of this agreement.

• By using our services you take the risk of losing money that you've deposited into your account
• You accept that you are solely and completely responsible for any such losses that my occur

With regards to deposits into and withdrawals from your account, you warrant that yo will only use valid bitcoin that lawfully belong to you. You understand and accept that the value of bitcoin can change considerably over time.

The following elements are owned by runeruby.com as well as its associates: websites; user interfaces; application software; computer graphics  –  all these elements are copyright protected.

The software may only be used for your own personal or recreational purposes, and this use must be compliant with all rules as laid out in this user agreement. The use must also be conform with all applicable laws and regulations.

You affirm that you are not working for runeruby.com, for example as employee, manager, agent or in a consulting role, and that you're not working for companies related to runeruby.com, nor that you are a relative or partner of any of the mentioned persons.

You affirm also that you are not diagnosed as a compulsive or problem gambler. We recommend that you seek help in such cases and we will enforce cool-off periods in cases where we believe this will be of benefit.

We cannot be held accountable if problem gambling arises as a result of using our services.

Please note: Bitcoin is not a legal currency or tender. Therefore, on this website bitcoin is treated as virtual funds that have no intrinsic value.

You understand and allow us to detect and prevent the use of forbidden techniques, such as fraudulent transactions, automated account registration, automated logins, automated gameplay, screen capturing techniques and others.

Steps we may take in cases where we suspect that prohibited techniques might be used include: examining the properties of the device a player uses, analysing transactions and geo-location and blockchain and IP analysis.

You accept and acknowledge that we may terminate or change games; terminate or change events offered on our website; limit or refuse bets; ban or block multiple accounts and control the assets in such accounts freely.

Software is newer flawless. You accept and acknowledge that there might be errors in the software and that you will not take advantage of such errors if you encounter them.

You also will report any errors or software incompleteness immediately to runeruby.com.

If you do not report an error or incompleteness, you will fully compensate us for all costs related to the error or incompleteness, including the costs inflicted in relation with the respective error or incompleteness and the failed notice.

You accept and acknowledge that runeruby.com may conduct know your customer (KYC) procedures. Access to your account may be blocked or closed if you have provided misleading or incorrect information.

We can declare a wager partially or fully void if we consider it obvious that one or more of the following circumstances have taken place:

You have directly or indirectly influenced the outcome of an event in order to obtain an illegal advantage. This also holds true for people associated with you.

You have directly or indirectly avoided  the rules of runeruby.com. This also holds true for people associated with you.
Or the outcome an event was directly or indirectly influenced by criminal actions.

Also in cases where wagers were placed that would not have been allowed under regular circumstances, but that were established in the course of technical issues, for example when the website was offline.

Also when wagers were offered, placed and accepted while the website did not work properly as a result of an error, vulnerabilities, force majeure or other reasons.

In cases where the player wants to make a deposit, but the deposit fee marked as being to low for executing the transaction, we can confiscate the winnings if we consider the transaction or actions of the player to be deceitful.

III. Restricted Countries

The following countries or territories are blacklisted: USA, China, The Netherlands, France, Caribbean Islands, Curaçao. As well as any other any country or state restricted by law. Players from these countries are not allowed to play games on runeruby.com.

IV. General Gambling Guidelines

Only registered account holders can place bets, and they can only be placed over the internet. They can also only be placed if you have enough bitcoin in your account at runeruby.com to place the bet.

Once it has been placed and affirmed, the bet will be handled according to the most recent version of this user agreement which is obtainable on the website at the time of the bet being approved.

Payouts of winning bets are credited to your account, they consist of the wager multiplied by the betting odds at which the bet was placed. We can adjust a bet payout that is credited to a user's account if it has been credited because of an error.

Please note that a bet, that has been placed and approved will not amended. It also cannot be removed or cancelled by the player.
A list of all bets, their states and further details can be obtained via our website.

By placing a bet you affirm that you've read and fully understand all regulations regarding the bet as published in the user agreement and available on the website.

You alone are completely responsible for the bets that you place.

We handle your account, we determine the obtainable funds, the impending funds, the funds available for placing bets and the amount paid out to the winners. These amounts are final and considered to be accurate – except when proven otherwise.

Payouts will be deposited into your account {mmediately after we've confirmed the result of the bet.

V. Incentives and Promotions

We may cancel any incentive or bonus or loyalty program, for example rewards for inviting friends and  top-up rewards without notice if we believe it is being abused or configured incorrectly.

If such a bonus has been paid out nevertheless, we may decline any request to withdraw the money and may deduct the amount from your account. Only we decide whether a bonus was set up erroneously or abused by players.

If you use a deposit bonus for gambling, we will not allow you to withdraw the original deposit until you've reached the criteria specified under the rules of the user agreement.

In cases where terms of the promotion or offer have been breached,  we may reclaim the bonus component of that offer and either settle the bet at the correct odds. Or we can nullify the free bet bonus or the bet funded by the such bonus.

The same holds true for bets that were placed by a customer or group of players who offer guaranteed customer profits irregardless of the outcome which are based on claims with respect to deposit bonuses, improved payments, free wagers, risk-free wagers or any other promotional claim.

We also may charge the customer or group of players up to the amount of the free bet bonus, deposit bonus, risk-free bet or additional payment to deal with management costs.

We also may ask any customer to present adequate proof for us to be content with a customer's identity before we credit any bonus, risk-free bet, free wager or promotional offer to their funds or their account.

Only one bonus per person, account, household address, email address or IP address is granted. The same holds true for shared computer environments like for example libraries, workplaces or universities.

We may close the account in question and reclaim or confiscate funds if we believe that these rules are being abused or if any evidence of fraud is found.

All offers are for recreational players only! We may limit the qualification for customers to take part in any promotion, and we can change, stop, refuse or reclaim any promotion as we see fit.

We may insist that you bet a certain amount of your own deposit before you can bet with any free/bonus funds we credit to your account.

You understand and accept that distinct user agreement rules apply with regards to special offers, promotions and bonuses and that these are an extension to the user agreement.

These special rules are published on a distinct page on this website, or has been delivered to you directly.

In cases where there is a conflict between the terms of bonuses, promotions or special offers, and the terms of the user agreement, the terms of bonuses, promotions, or special offers shall prevail.

You allow that some promotions may be governed by withdrawal constraints or prerequisites that need to be fulfilled before we allow funds that were credited as a result of a promotion to be withdrawn.

Any of such terms will be appropriately posted and provided within the promotion.

If you wish to withdraw such funds before the wagering requirements are fully met, we will subtract the complete bonus amount along with any winnings associated with the use of the bonus portions before authorizing any withdrawal.

VI. Live Chat Regulations

On our website, we offer a moderated live chat feature. This is subject to regulations. Please only use the chat for leisure and socialising intentions because we may review the chat and maintain records of all comments made.

We reserve the right to take out the chat features or instantly terminate your account with us without further notice, and reimburse your funds if you:

• Make grossly offensive or sexually explicit statements
• Statements hatred, racism, bigotry or profanity
• Harassing, abusive or insulting statements

Or if you use the chat to promote, advertixe or relate to any other online entity. Also if you make statements about CasionoX and related entities that are either untrue, malicious or damaging to us.

Any suspicious chats will also be reported to the adequate authority if you utilize the chat feature to collude, engage in illicit behaviour or encourage any behaviour we regard inappropriate.

The live chat may also be used as a method of communication between you and us. Statements made in the chat should not be copied an not be shared with any third party.

VII. Limitation of Liability

You enter our website and engage in games at your personal risk. Our websites and the games we offer are provided without any warranty at all, whether implied or expressed.

We do not warrant that the software, the games and the websites are:

• Fit for their purpose
• Free from errors
• Accessible 24/7

Our directors, employees, partners and associated service providers cannot be held liable for any loss, any costs, any expenses and any damages with regards to your participation in the games or your use of the website.

This is irrespective of whether they arise directly, indirectly, consequentially, incidentally or otherwise.

You understand and accept that mades during a malfunction shall be void. Winnings as as result of a malfunctioning game shall also be void. Also any succeeding rounds with that money, no matter what games are played while using those funds.

You consent to fully indemnify and hold us us (our directors, staff members, partners, associated service providers) harmless for any loss, any costs, any expenses, any damages – as well as any liabilities and claims.

To the degree permitted by law, our highest liability stemming from your use of our website, irrespective of the cause of activities (whether in contract, breach of warranty, tort or or else), cannot surmount €100.

VIII. Breaches, Charges and Termination

If you break any provision of the user agreement, we may suspend, close or simply not open your account. We may also withhold payment of your winnings and use such funds to compensate damages caused by you.

The same holds true when we suspect that you have breached any provision from the agreement.

You understand and accept that runeruby.com shall be the final instance for deciding whether you've breeched our terms and conditions or rules in a way that leeds to your suspension or permanent barring from using our website.
