In this privacy policy we describe in detail how runeruby.com handles your data and the information you provide to us and explain in plain English how we manage your relationship with us.

The manner how  any personal information that you provide to us – or that is otherwise stored by us on our computer systems and relates to you is laid out in this document.

The information that we talk about here may be supplied by using the runeruby.com website (that we simply may call "website" in this document) or by phone calls – or other technical methods.

By accepting our privacy policy you agree that you understand and also acknowledge the use of your personal information as described in this document. And what if not?

If you choose not to accept the terms of our privacy policy, we suggest that you:

a) Do not use this website
b) Do not supply any personal information

More About Us

Instead of saying runeruby.com we may also say "we", "our" or "us" or "website". However, we always mean runeruby.com, which is operated by runeruby.com, a company with limited liability, which is established and registered in Costa Rica, under this country's laws.

runeruby.com has the registration number 3-102-800501.

What We Do

runeruby.com offers and provides interactive online gaming services on the internet (web-based or mobile versions of games), which we also may call "gambling service" or simply "services".

We act as data controller for the intentions of relevant data protection legislation, i.e. we manage the methods of how your personal data is obtained and also the ways it is used.

The Privacy Rules} We Follow

We protect all non-public personal information that we collect about our customers. We do this by  applying strict standards of confidentiality and security.

Any party that provides products and services to us or our customers (you) on our behalf needs to also safeguard the confidentiality of your data and information.

We maintain electronic or physical, electronic or organizational methods to protect your information.

We only allow authorized staff members or contractors access to your non-public information. This includes (but is not limited to) our fraud prevention and our support team.

Please note: We give previous customers the exact same assurances as our current customers regarding the the use or sharing of their data and information!

How We Safeguard Your Data

Your Personal Data isn’t just protected by the quality, commitment and high standards of runeruby.com, it’s also protected by law. We can only process your Personal Data when there is a genuine reason to do so and it must meet one of the following:

Your private data is not only protected by our commitment and high standards, it is protected by law as well. We are only allowed to process your private data with genuine reason.

It must match one of the following reasons:  your consent to process, our legitimate interest, legal obligation, your vital interests, contractual relationships or public interest.

To give you an example:

What Are Our Interests?

A case where we have a commercially relevant reason to process your private data is called a "legitimate interest" – this is how our lawyers call it …

In such a case your personal data is nevertheless protected, meaning that we're not allowed by law to process it in ways that could be unfair to you or your personal interests.

It means that in cases where we use legitimate interest as a reason to process your data, we will always you what we are doing. In addition, we will also tell you what our legitimate interests are.

We will provide you with means of raising questions or objections that you might have. Nevertheless, there might be convincing reasons to process such information, neglecting your right to object.

Reasons for Processing Personal Data

Considering lawful duties undertook to accomplish the agreement signed between you and us, such as (but not limited to) the legal requirements undertook to abide by applicable regulations and laws and to be as economical as possible about how we meet these responsibilities, we process your individual data to:

Exercise our rights as laid out in agreements or contracts with other companies or institutions, ensuring compliance and corporate governance to regulatory or legal obligations.

We also process your personal data in order to: manage our brands; develop products or services; manage the relationship with our customers. Also for creating, sending or reviewing marketing material.

Other reasons why we process personal data are: We whish to learn from our customers' behavior when using our products; for providing support and for growing our business; for testing products.

Additional reasons include: Testing systems, services or offerings; examine, manage or respond to customer complaints. Also to   handle customer accounts, for example winnings and losses, as well as deposits or withdrawals.

Further reasons why we process personal data: By doing so, we aim to create quality products and services for our costumers. We also manage manage our relations with other companies and institutions which provide services to us or our customer base.

Also to measure our performance in comparism to other companies and institutions. To manage our risks or those of our customers; to ensure the obligations as a responsible and accountable enterprise.

Most importantly, by using personal data we wish to prevent: crimes and malicious usage of our system resources. Uncover, investigate or report crimes.

In short, we process personal data to comply with any regulations or laws that apply to our company.

Essential Reporting Necessities

What happens if you decide not to supply your personal data?

This could prevent us from meeting lawful requirements, fulfilling agreements, contractual obligations or executing services necessary to run your membership account.

Not supplying your personal data could also mean that we are incapable of providing you with our products and services.

Personal Data That We Collect

Personal information which we may reserve a right to collect, save, use or process data in particular cases (but only when required) for the different use cases mentioned above, may consist of (but not go beyond) the following:

A. Personal Data:

Information by choice – We gather information that you give us on your own. For instance, when you send us emails or share further information about yourself by using one of our games or services. This includes live chat with the customer care team or the in-game chat that is available in some games.

Gaming data – to be able to provide our services to our clients, we may automatically record various information associated with your account or the use of our services, such as, money deposited, account balances, wagers, payouts, incentives, transactions  and withdrawals.

Governmental-provided passport or ID card – In some cases, we will ask you for a copy of a passport or ID card issued by your government. This is necessary for the identity verification process and for some features of our services.

Details of your account – when you register your account, we may ask you to give us some information about yourself:

• First name, last name
• Birth date
• Gender
• Occupation

We may also ask you to provide your:

• Email address
• Physical address
• Phone number
• ID number

Furthermore, we may gather information that is called for under anti-money laundering (AML) and know your customer (KYC) rules, like for instance a copy of a utility bill, the source of your funds, any association with illegal authorities …

Please bear in mind that the extent of the supplied information is not compulsory. We only collect, save, process or use data that is absolutely required.

--

B. Non-personal Information

Login records and technical information – In order to really improve the usability of our services and their overall quality, we gather technical information that is transferred by your hardware, such as the type of browser, the operating system (OS), access time, language, domain name of the website from which you came and others.

Hardware and connection data – If you install our software on your system, we may gather data from that device. This is strictly for the intention of security detection or fraud prevention. We may, for example, obtain information about other programs which are running at the same time as our our software in order to detect apps which are linked to deceptive activity (bots, spyware, AI among other things.) We may also check if you are using a VPN or a proxy to connect to our services.

Gameplay data - Amongst other things, this may include your deposits, the balances of your wallet, bets, incentives, the duration of your game sessions and achieved maximum scores. Once in a while we may publish a high score on our website. When we do so, we will use your initials or your nickname, and we will only publish it if it's a very high amount.

Anonymous records – We may anonymize the data gathered by our services or through other means to ensure that the records cannot, without attention, identify you personally. All of our usage and disclosure of this type of collected or anonymized data is not subject to any constraints under this policy, meaning we may disclose it to others without restrictions and for any objective, for example for marketing objectives.

Analytical data – We may gather records about your usage of our services, such as for instance:

• Usage of applications
• Log files
• Time stamps
• Pages viewed
• Time spent on a page
• Alerts
• Click activity
• Other user activity

This type of data is gathered for research and analytics objectives, for troubleshooting errors and other things.

Where it is not detrimental to your freedoms or rights, and reasonable for us to do so, we may also gather individual information from openly available sources, for example social and broadcast media or search engine queries.

How Long Do You Store My Data?

Each time we store your data, we'll make sure that it is properly safeguarded, and we will only store it for acceptable purposes (as described above).

We will store your data for as long as you're our customer. Once you're no longer our customer, we'll store your data for another ten years.

The records will be kept even in case your account is banned, has been deleted for technical reasons or is longer active. This is necessary in order to be compliant with the objectives described in this privacy policy.

With Whom Do You Share My Data?

When necessary for the following purposes, We may share your Personal Data within the runeruby.com group and with other organizations stated below:

When required, we may share your personal data inside the runeruby.com group and with these third-parties:

Organisations that are necessary to provide the services you've requested, organisations you've allowed us to share your data with and organisations you've introduced to us.

We may also share your personal data with law enforcement institutions, regulatory bodies, credit reference and fraud prevention companies, identity verification providers and other organisations.

We may also share your data for sending you promotional materials, with regards to our services and in addition for products, websites, applications and services that relate to you or might interest you.

This includes (but is not limited to) your name, email address and phone number. Third-party subcontractors, game providers, affiliates, business and joint marketing partners may also use this information.

These marketing partners may use your personal information for direct email, SMS, post, phone marketing and other marketing techniques. They may provide you different offers, which they (or we) believe to be relevant for you.

We may also communicate personal information that we attain from non-affiliated third parties about you.

This information may be collected by or shared with organisations who supply services like information processing for us, for example under anti-money laundering or know your customer guidelines that we utilize.

We make sure that these providers take appropriate measures to secure your personal data and prevent others from using it in any other way than the one for which it was given to them.

Your personal data may be transmitted between different countries; it may be shared with other companies within subsidiaries or associated companies as well as to business associates or successors entitled by our company.

How Do You Secure My Information?

We aim for maintaining the security of our services and your personal information at the same time. In order to achieve this, we've implemented suitable physical and electronic precautions to protect against unauthorized access and to look after data security. These mechanisms vary according to the sensitivity of the records that we gather and store.

We utilize industry standard processes and configurations to assure data safety, for example: External and internal security audits, dependable network topology, incorporating firewalls and intrusion prevention.

We also usee encrypted connections and physical and electronic authentication and access control mechanisms.

More About Online Security

Despite the fact that we take practical actions to protect your information, we cannot be made accountable for the acts of people gain unauthorised access by hacking into to our systems and misuse them. We give no warranty that we will be able to avoid such access.

We cannot be held accountable for the material, credibility, privacy policies or dependability of any site linked to our website that is not within our group of companies. There are dangers in making use of products and services that are offered on the internet. Make sure that you fully comprehend these dangers before buying and using anything online.

Our webpages contain links to other sites that may have privacy policies and practices completely different from ours. The fact that we link to a site is not an endorsement and sponsorship, nor an affiliation by us regarding such information, nor its operators or owners. The links are solely provided as a comfort to you.

Video and Telephone Calls

We record incoming and outgoing telephone and video calls for security reasons, also to fulfill know your customer requirements and for training our staff. And also for solving any issues that may arise from the services we provide. And simply for answering your queries.

Do You Use Cookies?

Yes, we use cookies on our website to achieve a more personal and streamlined service experience.

Cookies are tiny text files that contain small pieces of information and are saved on your device when you access a webpage that supports them. They are transferred back to the originating site or another site that recognizes them upon all subsequent visits of that page.

They're used to improve user experience. Some of them are indispensable for our site to operate properly, for example to manage user sessions, tracking, preventing fraud, analysis purposes and general functionality.

They're also used by affiliates and third-party advertising companies as well as associated technologies. They gather and store data to provide you with ads that may interest you. For more information, visit allaboutcookies.org.

What Rights Do I Have Over My Personal Information?

We will support you if you decide to exercise your rights over your personal information. For example, we will withdraw the access you may have previously granted us.

For example, accessing and processing the information that we hold about you; appealing complaints at data protection authorities; erasing personal information that we process; modify incorrect data or data that is outdated.

This will not nullify any information dealt with under your previously granted consent.

Following your inquiry we can remove any personal information with the exception of your mobile phone number and your email address after your account has been deactivated, deleted, is blocked or is no longer active.

We have the right to always keep the mobile phone number and email address in order to prevent illegitimate enrolling making use of the exact same mobile phone number or email address.

Stand-alone mobile phone numbers or email addresses are not regarded as as personal information by us.

We cannot delete personal information in cases where the account is suspended upon your own request on a temporary basis. We have the right to hold the information to complement the data when the account is expected to be reopened.

You have the right to ask us to provide you or an organization or company you name with particular parts of your individual information. This is referred to as the right to portability.

You can disapprove any processing of data where we are processing it for our own legitimate pursuits, or contest a conclusion made completely by computational processing, to show your point of view and to ask that a human shall overview the decision.

Fell free to request more information on these rights by contacting support@runeruby.com

People of Minor Age

Our services are not intended to be used by persons under the age of 18 or under the age of legal consent of your jurisdiction, whichever age is higher. This is also called "being legally of age".

Persons that are not legally of age shall not download our software, use our services. They shall also not provide any personal data to us.

We can access and verify any personal information gathered from you. When we become aware that a user is not legally of age we may discard any information the person has provided us.

Please contact us if you believe that a person that is not legally of age has shared any information with us.

Modifications to Our Privacy Policy

From time to time, it may be necessary to adjust or privacy policy. After we've made modification, we will publish these Modifications on our website.

We will also adjust the date on top of the policy. The revised policy will become effective at the moment of publication

Feel free to visit our website regularly and review the modified privacy policy.

Your ongoing provision of data to us or your ongoing us of our services changes to the privacy policy have been published implies that you acknowledge the changes.

It also means that our usage of your personal data is still in accordance with the revised policy.

If any modifications this policy are made, we will undertake reasonable efforts to inform you beforehand via email, via a notice on our site or via other consented communications channels.

Furthermore, we can revise, update and amend any of the provisions and terms of the policy occasionally, and it may be necessary that you accept those modifications in order to carry on using our services.

We will convey the modifications to you ahead of time, so that you have enough time to inform you about the adjustments before they become effective.

We will not implement substantial modifications to the policy without your explicit approval. If you do not accept the modifications within the announced time period, We cannot continue to supply some or all of our services to you.

Terms of Use

Usage of our site comprises your approval of the use of cookies in accordance with this policy. The privacy policy is an essential part of our terms and conditions, and it can be completely enforced as the terms and conditions are approved by setting up an account on our website.
